update(blog): extend instructions to add a blog entry (#1034)
falcosecurity/falco-website: ADD_BLOG.md

    - Keep it short but informative.
    - [Example on GitHub](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/tree/master/content/en/blog/gitops-your-falco-rules):
      ```
      falco-website/content/en/blog/gitops-your-falco-rules/
      falco-website/content/en/blog/gitops-your-falco-rules/index.md
      falco-website/content/en/blog/gitops-your-falco-rules/images/
      ```
4. Add related images to the images directory.
   The recommended naming convention is to name them using the _slug_ plus a sequence number.
    ```
    gitops-your-falco-rules/images/
    gitops-your-falco-rules/images/gitops-your-falco-rules-01.png
    gitops-your-falco-rules/images/gitops-your-falco-rules-02.png
    gitops-your-falco-rules/images/gitops-your-falco-rules-03.png
    gitops-your-falco-rules/images/gitops-your-falco-rules-04.png
    ```
5. In case of addding a featured image, name it using the **`-featured`** suffix before the file extension. This setting will display the image at the top of the article substituting the default featured image.
    ```
    gitops-your-falco-rules/images/
    ....
    gitops-your-falco-rules/images/gitops-your-falco-rules-featured.png
    ```

> 6. Add file called `index.md` with the content of the article, like in this [example](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/blob/master/content/en/blog/gitops-your-falco-rules/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Add file called `index.md` with the content of the article, like in this [example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/master/content/en/blog/gitops-your-falco-rules/index.md).
```

I prefer to use the raw version directly, for simplifying the copy/paste, wdyt?
